Reorganizing Maintain section into Learn section (#896)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain-guides-democracy.md

![undelegate](assets/democracy/undelegate.png)

## Voting with a Governance Proxy

Making a vote on behalf of a stash requires a "proxy" transaction from the Proxy pallet. When you
choose this transaction from the "Extrinsics" tab, it will let you select "vote" from the Democracy
pallet, and you will specify the index of the referendum that is being voted, the judgement (i.e.
"Aye" for approval or "Nay" for rejection), and the conviction, just like a normal vote.

> For more material on adding and removing Governance proxies, as well as other types, head over to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more material on adding and removing Governance proxies, as well as other types, please see
```
